Felix-Isaacs
2 points ·
10 hours ago

Well, this is new...

CARDS

A) Backstab

Flip Dex

Attack a surprised or defenceless foe with a melee weapon

    You don't go into melee with them.

    You roll your attack power +1d6

    +1 advantage for the next player to attack this foe

    Disable their armour until they repair it

(Cannot perform this move with encumbrance 3+)

B) Pick Locks

Flip Dex

    I've brought my own cleverness (seriously, this is a fantastic bit of descriptive text on this card).

B) It's a Trap!

Flip Int

Spend a moment to survey a dangerous area for traps. Flip to supply this card with tokens, which are soent 1-for-1 as you ask these questions...

    Is there a hidden danger here?

    What does the hidden danger do when activated?

    What else is hidden here?

    How can the danger be disabled?

STATS

Str 1

Int 2

Dex 3

NAME

Ivigio Scranby

FLESH

Scranby wouldn't call himself a thief, more of an expert in relocation. Things that were there may no longer be there after Scranby visits, but they will be somewhere, and they will be put to good use.

He's a city boy at heart, perhaps not because he loves it, but because the thought of being anywhere without cobbled streets fills him with a sense of unmitigated dread.

FATEFUL MOMENT

Extract a secret

ITEMS AND WEAPONS

Not as sure how to do this section, but I have a feeling I want Many Knives...

THE HEARTH

Scranby feels most at home when huddled in a roofspace, above the rooms of a house but below the slates of the roof. There's something about that dark, chill space - a certain welcoming unwelcomeness, the knowledge that being there gives him time go undisturbed and unhurried.

His favourite roof-space of all is in the thing he would die for, the thing that binds him to his fellows - a reclaimed building that was once his own orphanage, now a small fruit-importing company that gives him both gainful employment and a great excuse to skulk around warehouses owned by larger companies.

He'd risk his life to keep this building safe not because of his childhood memories, but because of the later memories o his friends at the fruit company that have thankfully replaced them. This place, that was so cold and grey in his youth, is now vibrant.

OVERVIEW

Well this is both a system and a method I've never used before, and I'm always game to try new things.

Love that you say to focus on the titles and let your character grow form there, I do enjoy thast kind of thing.

Now, I have absolutely no idea how this works (as I've elected not to read any rules systems) but the card information is telling me things. I don't know how accurate my rules summations are here, but from the raw card info I'm imagining that playing one of your moves allows you to flip a certain number of resources tied to a stat (such as dex). The number of successes(?) resulting from those flips determine the effects of the card, such as whether it's a simple success or you get to choose from multiple potential outcomes.

EXTRA

I'm going to read all the rules for this one at some oint soon and give you some more feedback. I enjoy the writing style, the mechanics are something I've never seen before and I'm genuinely intrigued. Next time I've got a couple of hours free I'll give it a proper look over for you, including some proper feedback on the Hearth section. Congrats on what you've got so far!
